Kafka is written in Scala and Java programming languages,
and by extension runs on the Java Virtual Machine.
I'm going to refer to the Java Virtual Machine as the JVM for the rest of this class.
One of the wonderful things about the JVM is that the code
written against it can target so many different architectures.
Whether you prefer Linux, Windows,
macOS or some other operating system,
Kafka will almost certainly run on your operating system because it was built on the JVM.
Additionally, the choice of the JVM has enabled the growth of a rich ecosystem of tools,
libraries and frameworks that integrate with Kafka.
This has helped make Kafka pervasive in
the data industry where the JVM is a popular tool.